oneDAL error handling improvements (#213)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDAL/source/common_interface/error_handling.rst

Exception classification in oneDAL is aligned with C++ Standard Library
classification. oneDAL shall introduce abstract classes that define the base
class in the hierarchy of exception classes. Concrete exception classes are
derived from the respective C++ Standard Library exception classes. oneDAL

> library shall throw exceptions represented with concrete classes.

Reviewer: oneDAL already has "library" in its name, so remove "library" here

Author: fixed

     - Reports situations when the index is out of range. Higher priority
       than ``oneapi::dal::invalid_argument``.
     - No
   * - ``oneapi::dal::unimplemented``
     - Reports errors that arise because an algorithm or a method is not
       implemented.
     - No
   * - ``oneapi::dal::unsupported_device``
     - Reports situations when a device is not supported.
     - No

> Errors occured during the execution of oneDAL functionality are represented with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors that occur during the execution of oneDAL functionality are represented with
```

Author: fixed

> ``oneapi::dal::runtime_error``. Two main groups of errors are distinguished:

Reviewer: shouldn't we say "shall be distinguished"?

Author: fixed

- destination type range errors

> - OS facilities interaction errors

Reviewer: is there a way to name them differently? 4 nouns in a row is a bit too much

Author: fixed

   * - ``oneapi::dal::internal_error``
     - Reports all runtime errors that couldn't be assigned to other inheritors.
     - No

All memory allocation errors are represented by ``oneapi::dal::bad_alloc``. They

> shall be divided into 2 groups depending on where the error occured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shall be divided into two groups depending on where the error occurred:
```

Author: fixed

> All memory allocation errors are represented by ``oneapi::dal::bad_alloc``. They
> shall be divided into two groups depending on where the error occurred:

Reviewer: this is probably better
```suggestion
All memory allocation errors are represented by ``oneapi::dal::bad_alloc``. They
shall be divided into two groups based on where they occur:
```

Author: fixed

> - Host memory allocation error.
> - Device memory allocation error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Host memory allocation error
- Device memory allocation error
```

Author: fixed

::

    class oneapi::dal::host_bad_alloc :  public oneapi::dal::bad_alloc;
    class oneapi::dal::device_bad_alloc :  public oneapi::dal::bad_alloc;

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 65 5
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Exception
     - Description
     - Abstract
   * - ``oneapi::dal::host_bad_alloc``

>      - Reports failures to allocate storage on the host.

Reviewer 2: Report failure to allocate?

Author: fixed
